Update get-payflow-link-token.md (#8320)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/graphql/queries/get-payflow-link-token.md

`paypal_url` | String | The PayPal URL used for requesting a Payflow form
`secure_token` | String | Secure token generated by PayPal
`secure_token_id` | String | Secure token ID generated by PayPal

## Errors

Error | Description
--- | ---

> `No such entity with cartId` | If you provide invalid cartId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`No such entity with cartId` | If invalid `cartId` is provided
```
